NMS-13446: provisiond docs updates (#3577)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/snmp-poller/concepts.adoc

[[snmp-interface-poller]]
= SNMP Interface Poller

> {page-component-title} can monitor the status of a SNMP interface that is not directly monitored by a <<service-assurance/introduction.adoc#ga-service-assurance, Service Assurance>> monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} can monitor the status of an SNMP interface that is not directly monitored by a <<service-assurance/introduction.adoc#ga-service-assurance, Service Assurance>> monitor.
```

== Using the Service

> Besides enabling the service and configuring packages and interfaces to match your use case, you must add a policy that enables polling to the foreign source definition of the import requisition(s) for the devices on which you'd like to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides enabling the service and configuring packages and interfaces to match your use case, you must add a policy that enables polling to the foreign source definition of the import requisition(s) for the devices on which you want to use this feature.
```

> Use the `ENABLE_POLLING` and `DISABLE_POLLING` actions of the "<<provisioning/policies/snmp-interface.adoc#snmp-interface-policy, Matching SNMP Interface Policy>>" to manage which SNMP interfaces are polled by this service along with the appropriate `matchBehavior` and parameters for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ENABLE_POLLING` and `DISABLE_POLLING` actions of the "<<provisioning/policies/snmp-interface.adoc#snmp-interface-policy, Matching SNMP Interface Policy>>" to manage which SNMP interfaces this service polls along with the appropriate `matchBehavior` and parameters for your use case.
```
